After the Conjunction of the Spheres, some vampires made this fortress their home. However one of the higher vampires, Khagmar, had such a bloodlust that he would drink and kill off entire villages in one night so, fearing for their lives, the local populace hired witchers and mages to hunt down and kill all vampires. While this was little more than a nuisance, like a mosquito buzzing around their ears, the vampires decided something had to be done about the one bringing all this trouble down on them and proceeded to trap Khagmar in a special cage he couldn't escape out of underneath Tesham Mutna. For the next 200 years he slowly went mad as his brethren fed on any humans being kept nearby but he himself couldn't reach.

It was abandoned an unknown time later but the cage that Khagmar had been kept in was intact, something that Regis decided to make good use of so he and Geralt could acquire an agitated form of vampire blood in 1275.
    It is widely accepted that vampires came into our world during the Conjunction of the Spheres. They quickly spread across all the Continent, trying to adapt to their new situation. According to legend, one of them, Khagmar, settled in Toussaint. Grim tales are whispered about his deeds, but whether he truly even existed is hard to say. The tales do agree on one thing, however: Khagmar's story is inextricably tied to the mysterious fortress known as Tesham Mutna.

Despite being a notable strong soldier who was also skilled in magic, not much was known about his younger years.

When King Auberon Muircetach, ruler of the Aen Elle elves, created the Red Riders, he appointed Eredin as their leader and general. Eredin, who at the time could access the Gate of the Worlds, allowing him to travel to different worlds at will, used the Gate and led the Red Riders in raiding many different worlds. Their main objective was to find and secure a sufficient number of humanoid - preferably human - slaves, that could serve the elves. Over time, this made Eredin and his men infamous and feared and they began to use magic to make themselves look even more menacing, like skeleton shaped armor and altering their voices.

As time went on, they eventually discovered the new homeworld of the Aen Seidhe. However, it was now controlled by humans and since the Aen Elle have a deep sense of contempt for their race and often use them as slaves, the Aen Seidhe world became their primary target with Eredin often leading raids on the world and stealing a great number of young individuals. People from that world quickly started to fear the riders and they gave them a new name - the Wild Hunt. Because Eredin always led his men personally, he was present almost all the time and, as the lead rider, he caused the most fear in the common folk and soon they started to call him the King of the Wild Hunt.

When the Conjunction of the Spheres occured, the Aen Elle lost control of the Eternal's Gate and lost their ability to travel in great numbers between worlds. This also caused all the elves to be stuck in their world with no access to more slaves and so they began to study the magic of traveling to different realms. However, they were only partially successful and created navigators - specialized mages trained to open portals to different worlds, though they could only transport a small group of riders. Due to this, the riders used spectral forms in place of physical and traveled in the skies as a cavalcade of specters.

Around 1267, the Wild Hunt sensed a certain individual with very powerful elder blood, who turned out to be the young princess of Cintra, Cirilla. As elder blood was crucial for regaining access to the Gate of the Worlds, Eredin set his sights on capturing her as he wanted to resume his invasions of other realms. The Wild Hunt first tried to catch her near the city of Gors Velen but this failed and Eredin's continued search for her proved fruitless.[1] However, thanks to his fellow elf Avallac'h, who lured Ciri to the Aen Elle world and took her to the palace in Tir ná Lia, Eredin was finally able to confront her and the two elves gave her an ultimatum: either she lay with the king and give him a child that would reintroduce the Elder blood to the elves - thus possibly giving them access to the Gate again - or she would never leave the palace. Ciri eventually agreed and tried to fulfill her end of the bargain but Auberon was very old and despised humans, considering them little more than animals. Because of this, he was unable to perform and produce a child with Ciri. Eredin gave an aphrodisiac to his king who took too much that it ended up poisoned him, resulting in his death. Whether this was the result Eredin wanted is open to debate, but it served his ambitions well since he became the new king of the Aen Elle.

With the king dead, chaos spread in the palace and Ciri, with the help of the unicorns, managed to escape not only the palace but the Aen Elle world altogether. Eredin pursued her with the Wild Hunt but she managed to evade them and so he returned to the palace empty handed.

Once he returned, he proclaimed himself the new king, having made sure nobody knew about his role in Auberon's death. Only Avallac'h suspected Eredin, but he had no proof so he left the palace and went searching for Ciri on his own.

Meanwhile, Eredin consolidated his power and made a few changes. Because he had no interest in the governing aspects that come with being a king, he appointed Ge'els to serve as his viceroy and take care of the state while he was leading the Wild Hunt. He also chose two elves as his most trusted generals - Caranthir as a chief navigator and Imlerith as a commander of the riders.

He also haunted Ciri as a wraith while she rested in a French tavern, telling her that he would wait for her on The Spiral - a place he said she would eventually enter after her long journey through space and time.


The Aen Elle world soon faced a new and dangerous threat known as the White Frost - a deadly phenomenon that caused an eternal winter, killing off everything that once inhabited the world, and was supposed to be the eventual end of every known world. Eredin decided the only way to escape the apocalypse would be to move the Aen Elle to the world of the Aen Seidhe and conquer it. However, his navigators lacked the power to move thousands of Aen Elle elves. Knowing Ciri's power would be able to create a large enough portal for his people, even if it were to kill her in the process, Eredin began to hunt for Ciri once more.

This time however he tried something new. He knew that Ciri had loved ones so his sought to capture them and hopefully lure her into a trap while she attempted to save them. Thus he and his raiders went to Malus Island where Ciri's adoptive parents - Geralt of Rivia and Yennefer of Vengerberg - lived. Though Geralt managed to cut down many of the attackers, Eredin was able to kidnap the sorceress and took off with her. Geralt pursued him and was joined at one point by several witchers from the School of the Viper and, together, they caught up with the Hunt near the Hanged Man's tree in Nilfgaard and began to fight the Hunt. While the witchers proved to be capable fighters, they were too outnumbered, so Geralt offered to take Yennefer's place and Eredin agreed, releasing Yennefer.

For some time, the witcher rode with the Wild Hunt and Eredin was satisfied as Geralt was an excellent lure for Ciri. As expected, she soon found out and in 1270 she managed to save Geralt from Eredin's grasp while not getting caught herself. Despite this, Eredin continued to haunt Geralt using his spectral form and eventually the two had a confrontation (with Eredin still in his spectral form) before he re-focused his efforts on Ciri, who by that point was being helped by Avallac'h.

Eredin and the Hunt pursued the duo for over a year until one day the pair teleported to Ard Skellig. Sensing the power that came from such a teleportation, Eredin ambushed them in the forest and managed to inflict an extremely powerful Aen Undod curse upon Avallac'h that would slowly transform the sage into a diminutive creature that humans would later call Uma. However, Avallac'h was not one to go down easily and cast a powerful spell that wrought havoc in the Hunt's ranks, destroying much of the forest, allowing the duo to escape, albeit ending up in different regions. Ciri ended up in Velen where she lost consciousness and the Crones found her. However, the Crones served
 Eredin and when he was informed they had Ciri, he sent Imlerith to retrieve her. However, Ciri had managed to wake up and learn what the Crones had planned and escaped once more.

 Sometime later she returned to Skellige, this time to the village of Hindarsfjall, but not even a day later the Hunt attacked again. One of the locals, Skjall, helped her escape to where Avallac'h was waiting for her with Eredin and the Hunt hot on their heels, but the two escaped on a boat, leaving their pursuers on shore.

 With Ciri's location now unknown, Eredin waited for another chance Ciri might use her ability, giving her location away once more. Eventually Geralt, who learned Avallac'h had hidden her on the Isle of Mists, recovered her and the Hunt appeared, forcing Ciri to use her teleportation to transport her and Geralt to Kaer Morhen.
 Battle of Kaer Morhen

 Now knowing the location of Ciri, the Wild Hunt attacked the witcher keep in full force with Imlerith and Caranthir personally taking part in the fight, while Eredin watched rather than join in himself. However, the witchers were able to put up a tougher fight than expected and Eredin called his generals away before blasting through into the courtyard with a powerful frost spell, freezing everyone caught in the blast, including Geralt.

 Ciri and Vesemir, who'd been shielded by a wall, were the only ones not affected and while the old witcher tried his best to get Ciri to safety, he was caught by Imlerith who began to beat him up when Eredin stopped him, realizing they could use his life as blackmail to get Ciri to go with them. Despite Vesemir's protests to not do it, Ciri started to walk unarmed towards Eredin so Vesemir stabbed Imlerith who angrily snapped the witcher's neck. Seeing the death of her old mentor, Ciri's grief and rage, mixed with her Elder blood, caused a burst of raw magical power, threatening to kill not just the Wild Hunt and Eredin, but all the witchers in the area as well. Eredin, driven by the need to capture Ciri regardless, tried in vain to get to her, but Caranthir opened a portal and teleported himself and the king away, ending the battle.
 Downfall

 In the days following Eredin's humiliating retreat, the Aen Elle king received a few devastating blows to his power base, starting with Imlerith being slain by Geralt at the Sabbath before the White Wolf and Avallac'h traveled to Tir ná Lia to show Ge'els via onieromancy of Eredin's regicide, which prompted the viceroy to refuse reinforcements should Eredin call for aid.

 Eventually, Eredin responded to a call from Ciri using the Sunstone, prompting him to redirect the Naglfar to the coast of Undvik. He soon found that it was in fact a trap, as the Wild Hunt was beset by both Nilfgaardians and Skelligers. On the deck of his ship, Eredin faced Crach an Craite and the elf proceeded to toy with the jarl, dealing him grievous wounds before asking if he had any final words. Crach refused and went in for one last attack, which Eredin cut down with ease, killing the jarl.

 He was then confronted by Geralt and Eredin proclaimed he had something to tell the witcher but would only reveal it as the witcher was dying. As they battled, Eredin opened various portals into other realms where the two continued to fight before returning back to the Naglfar and where Geralt proceeded to stab Eredin in his left eye before dealing a fatal blow. Dying, Eredin confessed that Avallac'h had manipulated both of them into this confrontation so he could use Ciri for his own purposes before succumbing to his wounds.